# SwaggerClient::GetBillingPreviewRunResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**assume_renewal** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**batch** | **String** | The customer batch included in the billing preview run.   | [optional] 
**charge_type_to_exclude** | **String** | The charge types excluded from the forecast run.  | [optional] 
**created_by_id** | **String** | The ID of the user who created the billing preview run.  | [optional] 
**created_date** | **String** | The date and time when the billing preview run was created.  | [optional] 
**end_date** | **String** | The date and time when the billing preview run completes.  | [optional] 
**error_message** | **String** | The error message generated by a failed billing preview run.  | [optional] 
**including_evergreen_subscription** | **BOOLEAN** | Indicates if evergreen subscriptions are included in the billing preview run.  | [optional] 
**result_file_url** | **String** | The URL of the zipped CSV result file generated by the billing preview run. This file contains the preview invoice item data and credit memo item data for the specified customers.  **Note:** The credit memo item data is only available if you have Advanced AR Settlement feature enabled. The Advanced AR Settlement feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  | [optional] 
**run_number** | **String** | The run number of the billing preview run.  | [optional] 
**start_date** | **String** | The date and time when the billing preview run starts.  | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | The status of the &gt;billing preview run.  **Possible values:**   * 0: Pending * 1: Processing * 2: Completed * 3: Error * 4: Canceled  | [optional] 
**succeeded_accounts** | **Integer** | The number of accounts for which preview invoice item data and credit memo item data was successfully generated during the billing preview run.  **Note:** The credit memo item data is only available if you have Advanced AR Settlement feature enabled. The Advanced AR Settlement feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  | [optional] 
**success** | **BOOLEAN** | Returns &#x60;true&#x60; if the request was processed successfully. | [optional] 
**target_date** | **Date** | The target date for the billing preview run.            | [optional] 
**total_accounts** | **Integer** | The total number of accounts in the billing preview run.  | [optional] 
**updated_by_id** | **String** | The ID of the user who last updated the billing preview run.  | [optional] 
**updated_date** | **DateTime** | The date and time when the billing preview run was last updated.  | [optional] 


