# Zuora::ProxyGetBillRun

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**account_id** | **String** | ID of the account used for single account bill run.  **Character limit:** 32  | [optional] 
**auto_email** | **BOOLEAN** | Determines whether to auto send email or not once the bill run completes.  **Note:** You must enable the [Support Bill Run Auto-Post Billing](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Billing_Rules) rule to pass this field.  | [optional] 
**auto_post** | **BOOLEAN** | Determines whether to auto post bill run or not once the bill run completes.  **Note:** You must enable the [Support Bill Run Auto-Post Billing](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Billing_Rules) rule to pass this field.  | [optional] 
**auto_renewal** | **BOOLEAN** | Determines whether to auto renew subscription or not by this bill run once the bill run completes.  | [optional] 
**batch** | **String** | Batch of accounts for this bill run.   **Character limit:** 20  **Values:** AllBatches or Batchn where n is a number between 1 and 50.  | [optional] 
**bill_cycle_day** | **String** | The day of the bill cycle.  **Character limit:** 32  **Values:** &#x60;AllBillCycleDays&#x60; or 01 - 31.  | [optional] 
**bill_run_number** | **String** | Number of the bill run.  **Character limit:** 50  **Values:** automatically generated  | [optional] 
**created_by_id** | **String** | The user ID of the person who created the bill run.  **Character limit:** 32  **Values:** automatically generated           | [optional] 
**created_date** | **DateTime** | The date and time when the bill run was created.  **Character limit:** 29  **Values:** automatically generated             | [optional] 
**executed_date** | **DateTime** | The date and time when the bill run was executed.  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | ID of the object.  **Character limit:** 32  **Values:** automatically generated  | [optional] 
**invoice_date** | **Date** | Invoice date for this bill run.  **Character limit:** 29  | [optional] 
**invoices_emailed** | **BOOLEAN** | Indicates whether the invoice has been sent or not.   **Values:** automatically generated             | [optional] 
**last_email_sent_time** | **DateTime** | The last time emails were sent for this bill run.  **Character limit:** 29  **Values:** automatically generated  | [optional] 
**no_email_for_zero_amount_invoice** | **BOOLEAN** | Determines whether to suppress email for invoices with zero total or not for this bill run once the bill run completes. (Do not email invoices with 0 Invoice Total).  | [optional] 
**number_of_accounts** | **Integer** | The number of accounts processed by this bill run.  **Values:** automatically generated  | [optional] 
**number_of_invoices** | **Integer** | The number of invoices generated by this  run.  **Values:** automatically generated  | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | The status  for this bill run. See [Status Types](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/J_Billing_Operations/G_Bill_Runs#Status_Types) for more information.  **Character limit:** 20  **Values:**     * &#x60;Pending&#x60;   * &#x60;Processing&#x60;   * &#x60;Completed&#x60;   * &#x60;Error&#x60;   * &#x60;Canceled&#x60;   * &#x60;Posted&#x60;  | [optional] 
**target_date** | **Date** | Target date for this bill run. See [Create Bill Run](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/J_Billing_Operations/G_Bill_Runs/Creating_Bill_Runs) for more information.  **Character limit:** 29  | [optional] 
**updated_by_id** | **String** | The user ID of the person who last updated the bill run.  **Character limit:** 32  **Values:** automatically generated           | [optional] 
**updated_date** | **DateTime** | The date and time when the bill run was last updated.  **Character limit:** 29  **Values:** automatically generated   | [optional] 


