# SwaggerClient::ProxyCreateExport

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**convert_to_currencies** | **String** |  The currencies that you want to convert transaction amounts into. You can specify any number of currencies. Specify the currencies using their Foreign Currency Conversion enabled to use this field. **Character limit**: **Values**: a list of valid currency codes  | [optional] 
**encrypted** | **BOOLEAN** |  Exports a secure version of encrypted data source fields. such as the AchAccountNumber field of the PaymentMethod object and the DefaultPaymentMethod data souce objects. **Character limit**: 5 **Values:** true, false  | [optional] 
**file_id** | **String** |  The ID of the file generated by an export query. This file is automatically generated when an Export object is created. Use this file ID with [Get files](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#operation/GET_Files) to download the export file. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**format** | **String** |  The format that you want the export file to use. **Character limit**: 5  | 
**name** | **String** |  The name of the export. **Character limit**: 255 **Values**: a string of 255 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**query** | **String** | [Export ZOQL](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/M_Export_ZOQL) query. The latest data sources, objects, and fields are not supported. If you are unable to use \&quot;CRUD: Retrieve Export\&quot; to perform the query, use the [AQuA API](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/T_Aggregate_Query_API) instead.  | 
**size** | **Integer** |  The number of records or rows exported. This field value is null until the export status is Completed. **Character limit**: **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**status** | **String** |  The status of the export. Type: string (enum) **Character limit**: 10 **Values**: automatically generated to be one of the following values:  - Pending - Processing - Completed - Canceled - Failed  | [optional] 
**status_reason** | **String** |  The reason for the given status. Use this information to help ascertain why an export failed. **Character limi**t: 255 **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**zip** | **BOOLEAN** |  Indicates if you want the resulting export file to be compressed into a zip file. **Character limit**: **Values**: true, false (default)  | [optional] 


