# Zuora::PUTSubscriptionType

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cpq_bundle_json_id__qt** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**opportunity_close_date__qt** | **String** | The closing date of the Opportunity. This field is populated when the subscription originates from Zuora Quotes.  This field is used only for reporting subscription metrics.    | [optional] 
**opportunity_name__qt** | **String** | The unique identifier of the Opportunity. This field is populated when the subscription originates from Zuora Quotes.  This field is used only for reporting subscription metrics.    | [optional] 
**quote_business_type__qt** | **String** | The specific identifier for the type of business transaction the Quote represents such as &#x60;New&#x60;, &#x60;Upsell&#x60;, &#x60;Downsell&#x60;, &#x60;Renewal&#x60;, or &#x60;Churn&#x60;. This field is populated when the subscription originates from Zuora Quotes.            This field is used only for reporting subscription metrics.    | [optional] 
**quote_number__qt** | **String** | The unique identifier of the Quote. This field is populated when the subscription originates from Zuora Quotes.            This field is used only for reporting subscription metrics.    | [optional] 
**quote_type__qt** | **String** | The Quote type that represents the subscription lifecycle stage such as &#x60;New&#x60;, &#x60;Amendment&#x60;, &#x60;Renew&#x60;, or &#x60;Cancel&#x60;. This field is populated when the subscription originates from Zuora Quotes.            This field is used only for reporting subscription metrics.    | [optional] 
**add** | [**Array&lt;PUTSrpAddType&gt;**](PUTSrpAddType.md) | Container for adding one or more rate plans.  | [optional] 
**apply_credit_balance** | **BOOLEAN** | Applies a credit balance to an invoice.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the credit balance is applied to the invoice. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.   To view the credit balance adjustment, retrieve the details of the invoice using the Get Invoices method.  Prerequisite: &#x60;invoice&#x60; must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   **Note:**    - If you are using the field &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; rather than the field &#x60;invoice&#x60;, the &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; value must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   - This field is deprecated if you have the Advanced AR Settlement feature enabled.  | [optional] 
**auto_renew** | **BOOLEAN** | If &#x60;true&#x60;, this subscription automatically renews at the end of the subscription term. Default is &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**collect** | **BOOLEAN** | Collects an automatic payment for a subscription. The collection generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account. If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the automatic payment is collected. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  The default value is false.  **Prerequisite:** &#x60;invoice&#x60; must be &#x60;true&#x60;.  **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 196.0 or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.   | [optional] 
**current_term** | **Integer** | The length of the period for the current subscription term. If &#x60;termType&#x60; is &#x60;TERMED&#x60;, this field is required and must be greater than &#x60;0&#x60;. If &#x60;termType&#x60; is &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60;, this value is ignored. Default is &#x60;0&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**current_term_period_type** | **String** | The period type for the current subscription term.  This field is used with the &#x60;CurrentTerm&#x60; field to specify the current subscription term.  Values are:  * &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) * &#x60;Year&#x60; * &#x60;Day&#x60; * &#x60;Week&#x60;  | [optional] 
**custom_field__c** | **String** | Any custom fields defined for this object. The custom field name is case-sensitive.  | [optional] 
**include_existing_draft_doc_items** | **BOOLEAN** | Specifies whether to include draft invoice items in subscription previews. Values are:  * &#x60;true&#x60; (default). Includes draft invoice items in the preview result. * &#x60;false&#x60;. Excludes draft invoice items in the preview result.  **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 207.0 or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the **zuora-version** parameter to the minor version number in the request header. See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] 
**include_existing_draft_invoice_items** | **BOOLEAN** | Specifies whether to include draft invoice items in subscription previews. Values are:  * &#x60;true&#x60; (default). Includes draft invoice items in the preview result. * &#x60;false&#x60;. Excludes draft invoice items in the preview result.  **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 186.0, 187.0, 188.0, 189.0, and 196.0. See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] 
**invoice** | **BOOLEAN** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoice&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.   Creates an invoice for a subscription. The invoice generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is created. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.    This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;196.0&#x60; and &#x60;207.0&#x60;. To use this field in the method, you must set the zuora-version parameter to the minor version number in the request header.   | [optional] 
**invoice_collect** | **BOOLEAN** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;invoice&#x60; field and the &#x60;collect&#x60; field. &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; is available only for backward compatibility.  If &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is generated and payment collected automatically during the subscription process. If &#x60;false&#x60; (default), no invoicing or payment takes place.  The invoice generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.  This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 186.0, 187.0, 188.0, 189.0, and 196.0.  | [optional] 
**invoice_separately** | **BOOLEAN** | Separates a single subscription from other subscriptions and invoices the charge independently.   If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the subscription is billed separately from other subscriptions. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, the subscription is included with other subscriptions in the account invoice.  The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Prerequisite: The default subscription setting Enable Subscriptions to be Invoiced Separately must be set to Yes.  | [optional] 
**invoice_target_date** | **Date** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoiceTargetDate&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.   Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;207.0&#x60; and earlier.    | [optional] 
**notes** | **String** | String of up to 500 characters.  | [optional] 
**preview** | **BOOLEAN** | If &#x60;true&#x60; the update is made in preview mode. The default setting is &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**preview_type** | **String** | The type of preview you will receive.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. The supported values of this field depend on the REST API minor version you specified in the request header.   * If you do not specify the REST API minor version or specify the minor version number to one of following values in the request header:     * 186.0   * 187.0   * 188.0   * 189.0   * 196.0       The following values are supported in the **previewType** field:    * InvoiceItem   * ChargeMetrics   * InvoiceItemChargeMetrics      The default value is InvoiceItem.  * If you specify the REST API minor version to 207.0 or later in the request header, the following values are supported in the **previewType** field:    - LegalDoc   - ChargeMetrics   - LegalDocChargeMetrics    The default value is LegalDoc.  See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] 
**remove** | [**Array&lt;PUTSrpRemoveType&gt;**](PUTSrpRemoveType.md) | Container for removing one or more rate plans.  | [optional] 
**renewal_setting** | **String** | Specifies whether a termed subscription will remain &#x60;TERMED&#x60; or change to &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60; when it is renewed.   Values are:  * &#x60;RENEW_WITH_SPECIFIC_TERM&#x60; (default) * &#x60;RENEW_TO_EVERGREEN&#x60;  | [optional] 
**renewal_term** | **Integer** | The length of the period for the subscription renewal term. Default is &#x60;0&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**renewal_term_period_type** | **String** |  The period type for the subscription renewal term.  This field is used with the &#x60;renewalTerm&#x60; field to specify the subscription renewal term.  Values are:  * &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) * &#x60;Year&#x60; * &#x60;Day&#x60; * &#x60;Week&#x60;  | [optional] 
**run_billing** | **BOOLEAN** | Creates an invoice for a subscription. If you have the Advanced AR Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created based on the [invoice and credit memo generation rule](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Advanced_AR_Settlement/Credit_and_Debit_Memos/Rules_for_Generating_Invoices_and_Credit_Memos).     The billing documents generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   Possible values:  - &#x60;true&#x60;: An invoice is created. If you have the Advanced AR Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created.   - &#x60;false&#x60;: No invoice is created.   **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] [default to false]
**target_date** | **Date** | Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice or a credit memo is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   **Note:** The credit memo is only available if you have the Avdanced AR Settlement feature enabled.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; and later. To use this field in the method, you must set the  &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] 
**term_start_date** | **Date** | Date the subscription term begins, as yyyy-mm-dd. If this is a renewal subscription, this date is different from the subscription start date.   | [optional] 
**term_type** | **String** | Possible values are: &#x60;TERMED&#x60;, &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**update** | [**Array&lt;PUTSrpUpdateType&gt;**](PUTSrpUpdateType.md) | Container for updating one or more rate plans.  | [optional] 


